From: Ron Vaisbort <rvaisbort@gmail.com>  
Company: Good Technology Corporation  
Subject: rvaisbort@good.com  

Message Body:  
VIA Email at http://www.xda-developers.com/contact/#legal

Re: Copyright Infringement Claim – Good for Enterprise Client v.2.7

To XDA Developers:

I, Good Technology Corporation (“Good Technology”) am the copyright owner of the computer software being infringed at:
http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2040163&page=103

It is labeled with the text “GFE” and/or “Good for Enterprise” and identifies itself as the “APK” of such software.

This letter is official notification under the provisions of Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) to effect removal of the above-reported infringement. I request that you immediately remove the specified posting and prevent the infringer, who is identified by its web address and or user name “Phantasm 4489” from posting the infringing software to your servers in the future.  Please be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to “expeditiously remove or disable access to” the infringing software upon receiving this notice. Noncompliance may result in a loss of immunity for liability under the DMCA.
I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of here is not authorized by me, the copyright holder, or the law. The information provided here is accurate to the best of my knowledge. I swear under penalty of perjury that I am the copyright holder.

Please send me at the address noted below a prompt response indicating the actions you have taken to resolve this matter.

Sincerely,  
/s/ Ron Vaisbort  
SVP & General Counsel  
Good Technology Corporation  
Email: rvaisbort@good.com  

