PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL
June 22, 2015
TO: Host of XDA-DEVELOPERS.COM
RE: XDA-DEVELOPERS.COM, IP Address: 185.28.68.32
Our firm represents Kik Interactive Inc. ("Kik")
in connection with intell
ectual property matters.
We write regarding content located on
the website XDA-DEVELOPERS.COM.
Our client uses and owns rights in the
KIK MESSENGER (also known as KIK) mobile
application that provides users w
ith real-time instant messaging software related services. Kik
has invested substantial effort and resources
in developing and mark
eting its products and
services, all under the Kik various
registered trademarks. As a re
sult of Kik's ef
forts, the KIK
brand and mobile application are widely r
ecognized among consumers worldwide and embodies
the company's valuable reputatio
n and goodwill in the marketpla
ce. In fact, over two hundred
million users around the world have now downloa
ded our client's KIK MESSENGER software
application. You can view examples of Ki
k's mobile app on their website at KIK.COM
 You
can also download the app on vari
ous app stores, such as at:
https://play.google.com/store/apps
/details?id=kik.android&hl=en

It has recently come to our attention that Kik's
mobile application has been copied. The copy
has been modified and is being o
ffered for download on the website XDA-
DEVELOPERS.COM, various copies are lo
cated at the following page links:
1.
http://forum.xda-developers.com/android/a
pps-games/app-pikik2-ultimate-modified-kik-
t3126665

2.
http://forum.xda-developers.com/android/
apps-games/app-pikik-7-9-modified-kik-
messenger-t3073785
2
It seems to be that the infringer has disassem
bled Kik's Android inst
allation package and has
produced copies of the Kik mobile app and is
offering these copies
at the links above.
This use of a webpage featuring a copy of our c
lient's well known KIK m
obile application is a
purposeful attempt to trade off of the goodwill that
our client has developed through widespread
use of its KIK Marks,
amounting to willful
copyright infringement
in violation of Federal
statutes of many countries.
We therefore request as a matte
r of urgency that you, the hosti
ng provider, immediately remove
all content found at the links:
http://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-pikik2-ultimate-modified-kik-t3126665

&

http://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-pikik-7-9-modified-kik-messenger-t3073785

We also request that you deactivate the account of the user who posted
this infringing content.
The username is listed as "
Appreciative
". The member's account profile can be viewed at this link:

http://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?s=c45293b315efbadc30a7299ba53339cd&u=6476859

This letter is written without prejudice to any ot
her rights or remedies of Kik, all of which are
expressly reserved.
You may contact us to discuss this matter furt
her as needed. Our c
ontact particulars are:
500 - 1300 Yonge Street
Toronto, ON M4T 1X3
Canada

Email:
*******@pckip.com
and
******@pckip.com
We look forward to receiving your prompt response.
Yours truly,
CURRIER + KAO LLP
/
Currier + Kao LLP
/
cc. Kik Interactive Inc.
cc. Leaseweb USA,
