Threads impacted:

* http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1624514

From: ********** <litigation@ipla.com>
Company: IP Legal Advisors, P.C.
Subject: DMCA Takedown Request

Message Body:
Dear XDA-Developers.com:

Our firm represents WhatsApp, Inc. regarding intellectual property matters. Please direct future correspondence relating to this matter to our firm.

We recently learned that our client’s copyrights are being infringed on a forum hosted by XDA-Developers, located at the following link:

        http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1624514

This website infringes the exclusive copyrights of our client because it publishes unauthorized copyright content owned by WhatsApp, Inc. and also provides a mechanism intended to circumvent measures that control access to our client’s copyrighted software product.  In addition, the material hosted on this domain infringes WhatsApp, Inc.’s copyright protected telephone logo.

By providing a venue for this illegal and infringing distribution, you are contributing directly to the infringement of WhatsApp, Inc.’s rights in its copyrighted material.

This letter shall serve as official notification under the provisions of Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) to effect removal of the above described infringing material.  We request that you immediately take down the infringing pages noted in this letter and prevent the infringer from posting further infringing material on your servers.  Please be advised that, under the DMCA, you are legally required to “expeditiously remove or disable access to” the infringing material immediately upon receipt of this notice.  Noncompliance may result in a loss of immunity for liability under the DMCA.

We have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of herein is not authorized by our client, the copyright holder, or the law.

To the best of our knowledge, all of the information provided in this notification is accurate, and we declare under penalty of perjury that we are authorized to act on behalf of our client.

Please provide a prompt response indicating the actions you have taken to resolve this matter.

Sincerely,

**********, Esq.

www.ipla.com
